Work in Progress, at this moment not finished, doesn't work, doesn't compile (read the latest build errors below).

Work on Windows 11 Home using Juce 8.0.12 (starting with 8.0.10 and after 8.0.11) and Visual Studio 2026 Insiders (starting with Visual Studio Community Edition 2022 v17), project for plugins and standalone for Windows x64. The project involves programming a MIDI generator for 6 independent Euclidean rhythms with the following features:

A) Generation of 6 independent rhythms, in the form of 6 separate MIDI streams but linked to a global clock.

B) A single clock that drives all 6 rhythms simultaneously; the clock is selectable with separate options for plugins (DAW, Internal, External) and for standalone (Internal, External). 

C) The MIDI stream for each rhythm is generated based on various independent commands or rotary knobs, which in order are:

   C1) Note: to decide the note to play.
   
   C2) Steps: to decide the length of the rhythmic cycle.
   
   C3) Pulses: To decide how many active strokes are distributed across the steps using the Euclidean algorithm.
   
   C4) Swing: To move certain steps forward (or backward), creating a more human feel.
   
   C5) Micro (Microtiming): To adjust very small timing shifts in notes to humanize the groove (more precise than swing).
   
   C6) Velocity (Velocity Accent): To control the dynamics of notes, their strength or intensity.
   
   C7) Note Len (Note Length): To set the duration of the MIDI note (with a different programming for the sixth rhythm).
   
D) The MIDI stream thus generated enters the Arpeggiator:

   D1) If the arpeggiator is deactivated, the MIDI stream of the rhythm proceeds unchanged directly to its MIDI output.
   
   D2) If the arpeggiator is activated, the ARP receives all the notes of the MIDI stream of the rhythm but only affects a portion of it, as follows:
   
   D2.1: Using the tickable popup menu with "Note" snapshot, you can view the incoming notes (from the MIDI stream of the rhythm created so far) and select up to a maximum of 7 notes simultaneously from all the notes 
         received from the MIDI stream. Only the selected notes will be arpeggiated. From the same popup menu, you can also select the octave of each note (e.g., C-1, G#-7, etc.). The selected notes will be arpeggiated.
         
   D2.2: Unselected notes continue unchanged, adding to the arpeggiated notes. Notes generated by the rhythm but not selected in the arp behave as if the arp were not activated for those notes.
   
   D2.3: Use the "Mode" box/menu to select the UP, DOWN, etc. mode for arpeggiating the notes selected in the previous step (Arp-Notes).
   
   D2.4: Use "Rate" to select the arpeggio speed of the selected notes.
   
   D2.5: To summarize the arpeggiator's action: the ARP reads all the notes it receives from the rhythm's MIDI stream, but from all of these, it chooses up to a maximum of 7 selectable notes simultaneously and 
         arpeggiates only these. In short, for each line, the rhythm proceeds unchanged EXCEPT for the selected notes, which will be arpeggiated. This arpeggio is therefore added to or superimposed on the rest of the  
         rhythm with the unselected notes, and together they are sent to the MIDI output.
         
E) Finally, the rhythm thus created, including any arpeggio, is output from a MIDI-Out whose port and channel can be selected: the goal of having independent outputs for each of the six rhythms is to have an app similar
    to a multi-timbral virtual instrument, except that in this case it would be a MIDI utility designed to trigger a rhythm section, specifically the various elements of a drum kit and a bass (on the sixth rhythm, which 
    has a different note length).

 The layout includes a first row with labels indicating the function of the elements below, arranged from left to right:
 
Active | Note | Steps | Pulses | Swing | Micro | Velocity | Note Len | Arp On | ARP Notes | Mode | ARP Rate | MIDI Port | MIDI Ch |

Below the row of labels are the 6 rows with the controls for each rhythm, the arpeggiator, and the MIDI output.
The controls on each row are, in order from left to right: a rhythm activation checkbox labeled R1 to R6 (Rhythm 1, Rhythm 2, etc.), then the 7 rotary knobs for Note, Steps, Pulses, Swing, Microtiming, Velocity Accent, and Note Length, with boxes below each rotary encoder displaying the numerical value corresponding to the position of the encoder above it. Then there's the checkbox to enable ARP, then the tickable popup menu with snapshot/mask for selecting the 7 notes/octaves to arpeggiate, then the combo box/menu for choosing the Mode, and the one for choosing the Rate.
In the right corner of the window is the "Clock Settings" button/popup menu for choosing the clock, with different options for plugins (DAW, INTERNAL, EXTERNAL) and standalone (Internal, External).

Thus latest src not compiles with these errors: 

Error C2672 'juce::detail::toAddress': No matching overloaded functions found euclidean_seq_SharedCode C:\Program Files\JUCE\modules\juce_core\containers\juce_Span.h 93

Error C2228 The element to the left of '.->' must have a class, structure, or union euclidean_seq_SharedCode C:\Program Files\JUCE\modules\juce_core\containers\juce_Span.h 93

Error C2439 'juce::Span<const std::byte,18446744073709551615>::ptr': Unable to initialize member euclidean_seq_SharedCode C:\Program Files\JUCE\modules\juce_core\containers\juce_Span.h 93 
                                                                                                                                    Files\JUCE\modules\juce_core\containers\juce_Span.h 119	
                                                                                                                                    
Error C2440 'initialization': unable to convert from 'void' to 'Value *'
        with
        [
            Value=const std::byte
        ] euclidean_seq_SharedCode C:\Program Files\JUCE\modules\juce_core\containers\juce_Span.h 119
        
thanks to Andreas Sandersen 
https://sanandreas.no/software
https://github.com/sandy999999/rhythm-generator
early code copyright: ©SanAndreas 2025
